Then, we have a roll-up operation.
In the roll-up operation actually,
remember that we were working on the day level, right?
So we want to go and work,
sorry, we are going to roll up on the country, from city to country.
So here we had the city.
So changing that the customer country from city to country,
we actually went in,
we are going to have less rows or less unique number of dimensions in the country.
So we actually have rolled up the branch because this is the, sorry the customer.
Because we are displaying the customer country or the customer city.
So originally we were showing the customers city and now all Lancaster
and all other cities of the country are going to be rolled up together.
Simply by because we actually had them here.
Now, what would happen if the table was purely designs?
We might have needed actually to go and doing this summation ourselves.
But because this was actually reflected in the design,
we didn't need to do that.
That's why while designing,
one should have these ideas in mind.